heroku link: http://rabblerouserapp.herokuapp.com
github link: https://github.com/ShelllKell/RabbleRouserApp


Code Challenge:

Description
Create an application in which a user can post a comment to a wall and read other user
comments posted to the wall. Feel free to keep the application as simple as possible.
Technical Specifications
● Overall Requirements
○ Completed in the LAMP stack
● Submission Requirements
○ The application must include fields for accepting a name, email, website, and
comment.
○ The name and comments fields are required and the user must be alerted if any
of them aren’t filled in upon submission.
○ Submitted comments should show up on the wall without a page refresh.
● Comment Listing Requirements
○ By default, list submitted comments in descending order above the comment
submission form.
○ Comment listings should include name, comment, gravatar based on user
submitted email, and time submitted.
○ If there is not a user submitted email, do not display an image next to the
comment at all.
○ If the user user submits an email address, their displayed name should be a
mailto link to their email address.
○ If the user submits a website, their displayed name should be a link to the website
with a target “_blank” attribute.
○ If a user submits a name and an email address, their displayed name should be a
link to the website with a “_target” blank attribute.
○ Allow the user to sort the comments posted to the wall by date submitted
descending or ascending.
● Non Requirements
○ Comments do not need to be approved before being posted to the wall.
○ The submission form and the comment wall do not need to be styled.
